Switch from symlink to PATH in example (#9)
snakepacker/python: README.md

# Install the required library packages
RUN xargs -ra /usr/share/python3/app/pkgdeps.txt apt-install

> # Add entrypoints from the venv to PATH (e.g. 'pip', 'python', just for convenience)

Author: ```suggestion
# For convenience, add entrypoints from the venv to PATH, e.g. 'pip', 'python' (on py2 /usr/bin/python comes first)
```

> ENV PATH="/usr/share/python3/app/bin:${PATH}"

Reviewer: Yes it's good but in this case the `python3` starts running from `/usr/share/python3/app/bin` it's not safe default IMHO.

Might be add a commented line with this alternative way and describe it.

Author: ```suggestion
ENV PATH="${PATH}:/usr/share/python3/app/bin"
```

Is it safer like this?

Author: ```console
$ which python
/usr/share/python3/app/bin/python
$ which python3
/usr/bin/python3
```

Reviewer: Inconsistent with python2 behaviour
